Josh Everly
CSCI 444
Log 6

	The summer is quickly ending now after 12 weeks of interning here at IWCO Direct. This will be my final bi-weekly log for the course as next will come the final paper but for now lets get caught up on what I've been doing for the past two weeks.
	At the moment I have finished working on my workflow graph of the company's service bus (at least for now) and let me just say the last part was a bit tricky. The last section I was working on documenting used a lot of polymorphism in the code and so as you can imagine it's quite difficult to document that considering you don't know what class is going to handle the execution until run time. There was really no work around for this issue besides documenting every possible class (as well as the base class) so that no matter what class did handle the execution it would be documented somewhere in the graph. I talked to my boss about this part of the code and he even admitted to me that this part of the code was not as well written as the rest. During my final two weeks I believe I will continue working on the document because the team is just about ready to add a new part to the service bus that will take a considerable about of stress off of it and also speed it up. My boss showed me what he had to do to set up the service at the very beginning and he sat down with me last week to explain what this new piece is doing and why it was added. In the near future he said he will sit down with me again and tell me what different pieces are coming into play in this service and try to make sure I have an idea of the overall structure of the service. Then I should be set to wrap up my internship by documenting that new section.
	For a last bit of news, I should mention that I gave a presentation last week as a summary for my summer internship in front of some of the intern mentors as well as the other interns (I should mention that I was the only software engineering intern for the summer, the others were from different areas). All of the summer interns did their own presentations one-at-a-time and I thought mine went well although I will say it was hard to explain what I did for my internship without getting too technical, especially because most of the people in the room were not from a software engineering background. Besides that there was a intern send off meeting/celebration we had 2 days prior to our presentations where we got some free cake. However, besides that and my presentation most of the last two weeks has been mostly trying to understand the service bus source code and its design and then document that for future IWCO Direct software engineers. 
